# About-me

I am a software engineering student looking to apply to apprenticeships. I have excellent communication skills developed at work experience; during my time as a receptionist at NHS I gained confidence, I became considerate of others and that helped me improve my communication skills, it gave me the ability to handle situations and as well as that I was able to successfully build on my patients care skills and I enjoy part as demonstrated by the extra-curricular activities I undertake. I am reliable, energetic and I have a positive attitude. Also, I can work under pressure and I can multi-task. I am always keen to learn new skills and therefore I would be looking for opportunities within the software industry to widen my experience and knowledge base further. 

I have completed a National Extended Certificate in computing, in June 2018. As I was being introduced to the programming world, I realised how creative and collaborative it was; I really enjoyed working in this environment and I gained a passion for coding and software engineering/development. I have always been interested in IT. I left secondary school with a Distinction in Information and Creative Technology at a BTEC level 1/ 2 qualification. 

During this qualification I explored; the online world, a digital portfolio, creative digital audio and creative digital graphics. Recently, I completed an NQF BTEC level 3 Extended Certificate in Computing with a Pass. During the BTEC level 3 qualification I explored: Principles of Computer Science, during this unit I studied computational thinking, standard methods and techniques used to develop algorithms, programming paradigms; I have studied pseudocode, python and C# and types of programming and mark-up languages, Fundamentals of Computer Systems, during this unit I explored the depth of hardware, software, computer architecture, how data is represented by computer systems and how data is organised on computer systems, IT Systems Security and Encryption. This unit helped me understand current IT security threats, information security and the legal requirement affecting the security of IT systems. I was able to investigate cryptographic techniques and processes used to protect data, examine the techniques and implement strategies used to protect an IT system from security threats. I also studied Human Computer-Interaction and digital graphics and 3D animation. I was able to investigate the purpose and principles of digital graphics and animation and examined the factors affecting the development of Human-computer Interaction. However, I would like to continue in software engineering/development. 

Currently, I am educating myself further on: Software development project, which involves software development life cycle, standard methods and techniques to develop designed solution, software designed considerations, programming paradigms and evaluating a software development project, Website development, which will enhance my understanding of principles of website development, I will be able to design a website to meet client’s requirement and I will be able to meet client requirement, Mobile app development, here I will be able to investigate mobile app and mobile devices, design a mobile app that utilises device functions and I will be able to understand how to develop a mobile app that utilises device functions. I really enjoy sports and I always try and incorporate sports such as badminton and basketball in my life, from family gatherings to socialising with friends, I always manage to organise basketball games with friends every once a week and I arrange badminton games every weekend with my cousins, sisters and other family members; making sure everyone is enjoying their time whilst maintaining a healthy lifestyle. Hence, I am a very active, enthusiastic candidate with strong problem-solving capabilities and excellent communication skills, as I have previously enhanced my confidence and my communication skills at various events that took place during my journey of college and work experience. I am able to work independently and within a team.
